Terms & Conditions

The purchase of a ticket to gain entry to the Jaypee Sports International Ltd motor racing event at Buddh International Circuit for the 2013 FORMULA 1 AIRTEL INDIAN GRAND PRIX shall constitute acceptance of the following terms and conditions pursuant to which the Promoter is prepared to grant entry to the Venue and the Event.
Each entrant attending the Event is required to hold a ticket for the Event. This ticket should be produced at the time of entry and carried on the person of the ticket holder at all times at within the Venue.
Each entry ticket is valid for one person only. Children above the age of 5 will require an individual ticket.
The date of the Event and/or the support programme may be subject to change without refund of money or exchange of ticket.
No refunds or exchanges are available in respect of tickets unless the Event is cancelled. No booking charge will be refunded if the Event is cancelled. No ticket for the Event shall be sold or offered for sale for any form of fee or reward without obtaining the prior written consent of the Promoter and complying with these terms and conditions in all respects.
The gates will open 3 hours before the start of the race.
No ticket for the Event shall be used by any person for advertising, promotional or commercial purposes including without limitation, prizes, competitions, contests or sweepstakes without obtaining the prior written consent of the Promoter and Formula One World Championship Limited (FOWC). The Promoter reserves the right to refuse admission inside (or eject from) the Venue to any person (a) not complying with these terms and conditions and/or (b) who is in possession of a ticket which has been sold or used other than in compliance with these terms and conditions.
No person may use the name of the Event or part thereof (nor any abbreviation or foreign language version thereof) nor any logo or graphic device of or relating to the Event for any commercial purpose whatsoever without obtaining the prior written consent of FOWC exercisable at FOWC’s discretion.
All tickets must be purchased directly from the Promoter or through an official ticket agency authorized by the Promoter. Any queries in relation to ticket agencies should be referred directly to the Promoter. Any attempt to present any other ticket may lead to refusal of admission to the Venue and possible prosecution. Unauthorized vendors will be prosecuted.
The Promoter reserves the right to alter your seat allocation (if any) without prior notice.
The Promoter reserves the right to refuse admission and to remove persons from the Venue for any reason.
For your security while at the Venue, the Promoter uses CCTV cameras. You consent to any footage that may be taken of you for general security measures. You consent that the Promoter may use or pass to the police any recordings from CCTV footage for use in any proceedings.
For your security while at the Venue, the Promoter has the right to search any person entering the Venue without giving any reason whatsoever and to refuse entry to or eject from the Venue any person refusing to submit to such a search.
No animals will be admitted to the Venue or any car parks. The following articles must not be brought within the Venue – knives, fireworks, smoke canisters, air-horns, flares, weapons, dangerous or hazardous items, laser devices, bottles, glass vessels, lighters, musical instruments and any article that might be used as a weapon and/or compromise public safety. Any person in possession of such items will be refused entry to the Venue.
Carrying of alcohol, cigarettes & banned substances & outside food into the Venue is strictly prohibited. The Promoter shall be entitled to seize any prohibited items without liability and without any obligation to return such items or to compensate the holder in respect thereof.
Throwing of any article is strictly prohibited inside the Venue.
You must not make, create, store, record or transmit any kind of sound recording, visual footage or audio-visual footage (Recording), or store, record or transmit any information or other data, including official timing, results, performance, telemetry, weather or race control data (Data) of, at, or in relation to the Event. It is forbidden to take into the Venue any equipment that may enable you to do the aforementioned acts.
Personal electronic devices (including still image cameras, mobile telephones and other handheld personal communications devices) are permitted within the Venue unless otherwise advised, provided that any Recording, Data and any image, including photographic images and any still pictures derived or capable of being derived from a Recording (Image) of the Event that is recorded, stored and/or created thereon is used for personal, private and non-commercial purposes only.
As a condition of entry to the Venue you agree that (a) the use of any such Recording, Data or Image for any form of public advertisement, display, commercial gain or for any other purpose (except for your private enjoyment) without the prior written consent of FOWC is strictly forbidden and will constitute a breach of these terms and conditions for which you may be liable; and (b) on request by the Promoter or FOWC, you shall assign to FOWC in writing the copyright and all other intellectual property in any Image or Recording that you create, make, store or record of, at or in relation to the Event and (c) you consent to the use by FOWC (and by any third party authorized by FOWC from time to time) for the purposes of or in connection with any publication, exhibition or broadcast (including any advertising or promotional literature, campaign or material) in any media worldwide and approved by FOWC of any still or moving picture images taken at the Event where such image includes any image of you and you waive any and all of your personality and privacy rights to the extent necessary to permit such use.
You hereby acknowledge that motor racing, the Event and certain activities associated therewith (including without limitation, support events) are dangerous. The Promoter, sanctioning bodies, Federation Internationale de l’ Automobile, FOWC, Formula One Management Limited, Formula One Licensing B.V. , Formula One Asset Management Limited, Formula One Hospitality and Event Services Limited, Beta Prema (UK) Limited, persons involved in the organization of the Event (including officials, marshals, rescue and medical staff), the competitors and drivers (such parties to include where relevant all directors, officers, employees, agents, contractors and affiliated companies), are not responsible for any loss or damage howsoever caused to you or your property to the maximum extent permitted by Indian law (save that nothing in these conditions limits or excludes (i) liability for death or personal injury arising out of the negligence of any of the above mentioned parties, or (ii) any damage incurred by way of fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation by any of the above mentioned parties).
Official merchandise is on sale inside the Venue. You must not buy from unofficial vendors. No goods (including literature) of any nature may be offered either free or for sale by any person within the Venue or any official car parking facility.
Save for official merchandise and other motor sport related clothing worn in good faith, you shall not bring into, use or display within the Venue any sponsorship, promotional or marketing materials.
In the interests of public safety, the Promoter reserves the right to request you to leave the Venue at any time for safety reasons. No admission or re-admission is permitted after the end of the Event.
During the Event the noise level may be very loud within the Venue. You are advised to wear hearing protection during races and live concerts (if any) to reduce the risk of hearing damage.
While at the Venue you must always keep to the designated paths and access all freestanding banked viewing areas with caution using steps/path as appropriate.
While at the Venue you must maintain safe, prudent and respectful behavior and comply with all security measures and instructions given to you by any official.
You must keep your ticket safe and in good condition as a duplicate ticket will not be issued if it is lost or stolen and a defaced or illegible ticket may become invalid.
These terms and conditions of sale shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Indian law.
The Organizers reserve the right without refund or other recourse, to refuse admission to anyone who is found to be in breach of these terms and conditions including, if necessary, ejecting the holder/s of the ticket from the stadium after they have entered the ground.